feat: add standalone guide on XLA support. (#21141)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/tf_xla.mdx

While the exact amount of speed-up is very much model-dependent, for TensorFlow text generation models inside 🤗 Transformers, we noticed a speed-up of ~100x. This document will explain how you can use XLA for these models to get the maximum amount of performance. We’ll also provide links to additional resources if you’re interested to learn more about the benchmarks and our design philosophy behind the XLA integration.

## Running TF functions with XLA

Let us consider the following model in TensorFlow:

```py
import tensorflow as tf

model = tf.keras.Sequential(
    [tf.keras.layers.Dense(10, input_shape=(10,), activation="relu"), tf.keras.layers.Dense(5, activation="softmax")]
)
```

The above model accepts inputs having a dimension of `(10, )`. We can use the model for running a forward pass like so:

```py
# Generate random inputs for the model.
batch_size = 16
input_vector_dim = 10
random_inputs = tf.random.normal((batch_size, input_vector_dim))

# Run a forward pass.
_ = model(random_inputs)
```

> In order to run the forward pass with an XLA-compiled function, we’d need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run the forward pass with an XLA-compiled function, we’d need to do:
```

```py
xla_fn = tf.function(model, jit_compile=True)
_ = xla_fn(random_inputs)
```

The default `call()` function of the `model` is used for compiling the XLA graph. But if there’s any other model function you want to compile into XLA that’s also possible with:

```py
my_xla_fn = tf.function(model.my_xla_fn, jit_compile=True)
```

## Running a TF text generation model with XLA from 🤗 Transformers

> To enable XLA-accelerated generation within 🤗 Transformers, you need to have the correct version of `transformers` installed. You can install it by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable XLA-accelerated generation within 🤗 Transformers, you need to have a recent version of `transformers` installed. You can install it by running:
```
(the suggests there is only one)

```bash

> pip install transformers>=4.21.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install transformers --upgrade
```
We want users to be on the latest version.

```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a code sample that displays the version and instruct the user to check it is greater than 4.21.0?
